Improve ckzg native library search path + small improvements (#372)
ethereum/c-kzg-4844: bindings/csharp/README.md

## Prerequisites

Build requires:

> - `clang` as a prefered buid tool for the native wrapper of ckzg. On Windows it's tested with clang from [Microsoft Visual Studio components](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/clang-support-msbuild?view=msvc-170);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clang` as a preferred build tool for the native wrapper of ckzg. On Windows, it's tested with clang from [Microsoft Visual Studio components](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/clang-support-msbuild?view=msvc-170);
```
